Watch the videos listed below and answer the associated questions. They are worth 3 points each with the exception of #33 which is worth 4 points.

Video:

Lambda Calculus - Computerphile (12:39)

Lambda Calculus - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Lambda Calculus - Computerphile

 

 

1) Why should you be interested in learning about Lambda Calculus?

 

2) How do you encode the concepts of TRUE,  FALSE, NOT, AND, OR?

 

Video:

Essentials: Functional Programming's Y Combinator - Computerphile (13:25)

Essentials: Functional Programming&#39;s Y Combinator - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Essentials: Functional Programming&#39;s Y Combinator - Computerphile

 

 

3) What is important about the  Lambda Calculus expression called 'Y Combinator'?

 

4) Write the Y Combinator expression in Lambda Calculus.

 

Video:

Functional Programming & Haskell - Computerphile (9:18)

Functional Programming &amp; Haskell - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Functional Programming &amp; Haskell - Computerphile

 

 

5) Where did the language 'Haskell' get its name?

 

6) In the video it was mentioned that Erlang was used to code what?

 

 

Video:

Programming Paradigms - Computerphile (10:43)

Programming Paradigms - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Programming Paradigms - Computerphile

 

 

7) How is 'pattern matching' used?

 

 

Video:

P vs NP on TV - Computerphile (5:48)

P vs NP on TV - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
P vs NP on TV - Computerphile

 

 

8) Complete this sentence: "NP problems are hard to solve but easy to _____"

 

9) What is the example of an NP problem used in the video?

 

10) What are the TV shows mentioned in the video?

 

 

Video:

Floating Point Numbers - Computerphile (9:15)

Floating Point Numbers - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Floating Point Numbers - Computerphile

 

 

11) Floating point numbers are essentially what?

 

12) Computers perform scientific notation in what base?

 

13) What is the problem with adding 1/3 + 1/3 + 1/3 using base 10 and ignoring recurring numbers?

 

14) What is 1/10 in base 2?

 

 

Video:

The Most Difficult Program to Computer? - Computerphile (14:54)

The Most Difficult Program to Compute? - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
The Most Difficult Program to Compute? - Computerphile

 

 

15) What is the name of the function discussed in the video?

 

16) Can Ackermann's function be coded using for or 'DO' loops?

 

17) What is the value of Ackermann(4,1)?

 

18) How many minutes will the machine in the video take to calculate Ackermann(4,2)

 

19) The performance characteristic of Ackermann's function is described as what?

 

 

 

Video:

Programming Loops vs Recursion - Computerphile (12:31)

 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXNhEYqFo0oLinks to an external site.

 

 

 

 

20) A loop nested in another loop has the performance characteristic of what?

 

21) What was the limitation of Fortran mentioned in the video?

 

22) What real-world use needs complex recursion?

 

 

Video:

Why 'C' is so influential - Computerphile (10:50)

Why C is so Influential - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Why C is so Influential - Computerphile

 

 

23) There was a need to have a language that could cope with what?

 

24) C is most powerful when considered as the classical what?

 

 

Video:

Essentials: Pointer Power! - Computerphile (20:00)

Essentials: Pointer Power! - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Essentials: Pointer Power! - Computerphile

 

25)

What are the names of the two fields of the 'THING' structure?

 

 

Video:

Triple Ref Pointers - Computerphile (8:27)

Triple Ref Pointers - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Triple Ref Pointers - Computerphile

 

26)

What is the advantage of the 'Triple Ref Technique'?

 

 

Video:

Arrays vs Linked Lists - Computerphile (29:57)

Arrays vs Linked Lists - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Arrays vs Linked Lists - Computerphile

 

27) What is the procedure  used in the video to compare the different structures?

 

28) Why is the reverse array faster on the Atari?

 

 

 

Video:

Should Everybody Learn to Code? - Computerphile (8:46)

Should Everybody Learn to Code? - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Should Everybody Learn to Code? - Computerphile

 

29) What would be the goal of requiring people to be exposed to coding?

 

 

Video:

Programming BASIC and Sorting - Computerphile (13:56)

Programming BASIC and Sorting - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Programming BASIC and Sorting - Computerphile

 

30):

List 3 or more of the different sort algorithms mentioned in the video

 

 

Video:

Turing & The Halting Problem - Computerphile  (6:13)

Turing &amp; The Halting Problem - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
Turing &amp; The Halting Problem - Computerphile

 

31)

What is the  'Decision Problem'?

 

 

Video:

The Art of Abstraction - Computerphile (5:21)

The Art of Abstraction - ComputerphileLinks to an external site.
The Art of Abstraction - Computerphile

 

32) An example of an abstraction used in the video is, "A transistor is a type of ___"?

 

33) Which video was the most interesting or your favorite?
